Dcp Changelog 19 05 2025 (#6294)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/dataminer_services_change_log_2026.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 19 May 2026 - Fix - Admin/Catalog - Issues related to organization switching

Several issues related to organization switching have been resolved across the Admin app and Catalog:

> - Pages with organization-scoped data now react correctly to organization changes: stale data from the previous organization is cleared and fresh data is fetched for the new one.

Reviewer: Usually, for fixes, we focus on the issue in the description instead of on the fix. For example, for this first item, this would be:

```suggestion
- On pages with organization-scoped data, switching to a different organization could cause stale data from the previous organization to still be shown. Now stale data from the previous organization is cleared and fresh data is fetched for the new one.
```

The purpose of this is to ensure that users looking for the issue in the log will be able to find it easily. Could you adjust the other items in the list so it's clear what the issue was that is being fixed?

- On pages with organization-scoped data, switching to a different organization could cause stale data from the previous organization to still be shown. Now stale data from the previous organization is cleared and fresh data is fetched for the new one.
- Rapidly switching between organizations could leave behind stale data from intermediate organizations. This issue has been resolved.
- Organization keys, audit logs, and usage data did not refresh automatically after an organization switch, and if the audit log reload failed, stale data and the *Load More* button remained visible. This issue has been resolved. The data will refresh automatically, and if the audit log reload fails, stale data and the *Load More* button will be hidden.

> - In the Catalog app, if a catalog item was unavailable for the newly selected organization, the user was not automatically navigated back to the Browse page. The user is now automatically navigated back to the Browse page in this case.

Reviewer: This issue is still a bit unclear. Instead of being redirected to the Browse page, what did the user see?

Author: It would just show a single line message that the catalog item was not found
